Docs: simplify "Add project" page (#11559)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/intro/getting-started-with-mkdocs.rst

   Your MkDocs project is built

Once you have your documentation in a public repository such as GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab,

> you can start using Read the Docs by :doc:`importing your docs </intro/add-project>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can start using Read the Docs by :doc:`adding a project </intro/add-project>`.
```
